Feature/drawer nav item hidden (#189)
pxblue/angular-component-library: docs/Drawer.md

| divider                   | Sets whether to show divider          | `boolean`            | no       | true    |
| expanded                  | Sets whether to show nested nav items | `boolean`            | no       | false   |
| hidePadding               | Sets whether to show/hide padding     | `boolean`            | no       |         |

> | isHidden                  | Sets whether to show the nav item     | `boolean`            | no       | false   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hidden                  | Sets whether to hide the nav item     | `boolean`            | no       | false   |
```
